s - 4 - Zhao:  But my search for the Avatar is-
m - 8 - Scene Description:  Zhao fumes. In the background, the cry of a messenger hawk is heard. Camera shifts to an above view and follows a messenger hawk as it reaches Colonel Shinu. Shinu opens the container on the hawk's back and reads the message inside with a puzzled expression.
s - 14 - Sokka:  [Laughs.] Classic Appa.
s - 20 - Aang:  I couldn't find any ginger root for the tea. But I found a map. There's an herbalist institute on top of that mountain. We could probably find a cure for Sokka there.
m - 25 - Scene Description:  Aang jumps, and uses airbending to help him run faster. The scene switches to Prince Zuko's ship.
s - 28 - Iroh:  Perhaps, a sporting game of Pai Sho!
s - 38 - Katara:  [Also weak.] Listen carefully, Momo. [Holds up a water skin.] I need you to take this to the river, and fill it with water. [She is shown through Momo's eyes, speaking gibberish.] Got it? [Momo takes the skin and flies off.]
s - 39 - Scout #1:  [Reading Aang's wanted poster out loud.] Says here that the Avatar can create tornadoes and run faster than the wind. Pretty amazing!
m - 42 - Scene Description:  Aang runs up the stairs and enters the green house.
s - 56 - Aang:  [He lifts up his head off the table.] Finally! [Close-up of the mixing bowl as the herbalist drops the flower into the mixture, and Aang grabs for the bowl.] Thanks for all your help!
m - 65 - Aang:  Uh ... I think you dropped this ... [Screams as he sees the Yuyan Archers taking aim at him. Panicking, he frees himself from the arrow that had pinned his foot to the ground and runs. He falls off a cliff into a swamp and finds the frozen frogs.] A frog!
m - 69 - Scene Description:  Aang runs out and the storm gets worse; he wipes his face from the excessive rainfall. Several arrows comes out of nowhere and pins Aang's pants to the ground; he airbends a shield sending some off them away. Aang removes one.
m - 99 - Scene Description:  A soldier appears at the top of the wall they are climbing. He cuts the rope and the pair fall down the wall, Aang screaming. Cut to side-view where Aang airbends them to a soft landing. When the dust clears, the Blue Spirit unsheathes his swords and they run. Cut to Zhao on the ornate balcony.
m - 103 - Zhao:  [Shouting.] The Avatar has escaped! Close all the gates immediately! [Cut to the escapees running, Aang passes the Blue Spirit.]
m - 106 - Scene Description:  The Blue Spirit continues backing away from the fortress. Zhao now looks on from the top of the main gate. Cut to an arrow being strung on a bow by an unseen soldier; cut back to Zhao, who looks to his right as he speaks.
s - 122 - Scene Description:  Aang collapse backward onto Appa's tail with a sigh. Cut to Sokka with a frog in his mouth.
