s - 0 - Scene Description:  The episode opens to a sunny lake scene; Aang, Katara, and Sokka are sitting around a bundle of sticks with a blue tent behind Katara and are surrounded by trees and rocks. A large se tu suddenly bursts from the surface, leaps through the air, and lands with a splash into the water. Katara rises and points at it.
s - 1 - Scene Description:  Sokka rises to view the spectacle. The fish, a se tu, leaps into the air again, facing the group in mid-jump in slow-motion before landing in the water again. The camera cuts to Sokka and Katara.
s - 15 - Scene Description:  He runs into the water, holding his jawbone dagger. Aang watches him run off.
m - 56 - Scene Description:  Suddenly, the rain stops falling and sky lightens up slightly. Cut to a shot of Aang and Katara, Aang titling the umbrella back to observe the dramatic change in weather.
m - 91 - Scene Description:  Cuts to a shot of the team. Sokka looks away uninterested and Aang casts a look at Katara.
m - 103 - Scene Description:  Upon hearing this statement, Aang smiles mischievously and leaps in the hallway, delighted upon hearing this. Cuts to the room where Sokka sits, picking his teeth. Aang struts into the room happily.
s - 112 - Wu:  This is the most reliable method of telling your fortune. The bones never lie. [Urging Aang to pick a bone.] Go on, pick one. [Aang takes one bone and they sit down.] Now throw it on the fire. [Aang tosses the bone into the fire.] The heat makes cracks in the bone and I read the bone cracks to tell your destiny.
s - 116 - Wu:  [Her and Aang shielding their faces in surprise.] Oh my! [Cuts to shot of the bone lying in the fire and back to Aunt Wu who is fascinated.] Your destiny! This is incredible. You will be involved in a great battle, an awesome conflict between the forces of good and evil. A battle whose outcome will determine the fate of the whole world!
m - 130 - Sokka:  [Voice rising in anger.] That woman is crazy! My life will calm and happy and joyful!
s - 143 - Scene Description:  Aang shows clear disappointment at being hushed. Cuts to the pagoda, where Aunt Wu approaches. She spreads her arms outward dramatically. Cuts to shot of the sky, an arrow-shaped cloud hovering above. Cuts to Aunt Wu who studies a cloud reading book in her hand.
m - 144 - Farmer:  [Hugs elderly woman happily.] Darn good news!
m - 167 - Scene Description:  The two enter the room with the door sliding closed behind them. Cuts to shot of upper portion of Sokka's head, an angered expression on his face as he marches past in the courtyard.
s - 224 - Scene Description:  The couple embraces. Cuts to shot of Aang, who looks impressed by this display.
m - 243 - Scene Description:  Her eyes widen in surprise, and she lurches forward as an explosion is heard and the volcano rumbles violently. Cuts to shot of the entire group, who is slightly shaken. Cuts to shot of her and Aang looking up at the volcano, both their backs turned, gray smoke is emitting from the peak of the mountain.
s - 262 - Scene Description:  The scene cuts to Sokka and Katara, who stand in front of Aunt Wu's building, trying to act casual. Sokka flashes an innocent smile. The camera pans upward to the top of the building. Aang appears over the rooftop, along with Momo, and and climbs downward onto the porch of the highest story. Cuts to overhead shot of Aunt Wu's chamber. Cuts to shot of one corner of the room, where Aang is peering in various drawers for the book. Momo chirps.
m - 268 - Meng:  Thanks. [Holds up hand in alert.] Wait! Don't you want this? [Aang looks surprised; Meng hands him the cloud reading book, revealing she had had it in her possession the whole time.]
