m - 3 - Aang:  I bet we'll find something to eat here, [Pointing at the poster.] the Fire Day's Festival. [Momo jumps down. Aang begins reading-out the poster.] Fire Nation cultural exhibits, jugglers, benders, magicians ... [Turns to Katara.] This would be a great place for me to study some real firebenders.
m - 8 - Katara:  [Swayed by Aang; while her head is bowed.] I guess we could go check it out. [Aang begins rejoicing.]
m - 10 - Sokka:  [Moves in front of Katara; in an opposing tone.] What? You wanna walk into a Fire Nation town where they're all fired-up with their ... you know, fire? [Aang becomes serious again.]
m - 31 - Fire Nation kids:  [As an Earth Kingdom general puppet pops up behind the Fire Lord's puppet, with a rock ready to attack.] Oh no! Look out! [The puppet breaths fire, burning the other puppet.]
m - 48 - Malu:  The rope, it's breaking! [Aang saves Katara with his airbending, dispersing the flames is a ray of colors while he loses his mask in the process.] Hey, you tryin' to upstage me, kid?
m - 103 - Scene Description:  Aang walks to Jeong Jeong's cottage. He takes a deep breath, parts the curtain, and walks into the darkness. Cut to a dark figure seated cross legged amidst a semicircle of candles, his back to Aang.
s - 109 - Jeong Jeong:  Destiny? What would a boy know of destiny? If a fish lives its whole life in this river, does he know the river's destiny? No! Only that it runs on and on out of his control! He may follow where it flows, but he cannot see the end. He cannot imagine the ocean.
s - 111 - Jeong Jeong:  Are you deaf? How can I teach you if you refuse to listen? Before learning firebending you must learn water and earth. Water is cool and soothing, earth is steady and stable, but fire, fire is alive! It breathes, it grows. Without the bender, a rock will not throw itself! But fire will spread and destroy everything in its path if one does not have the will to control it! That is its destiny! You are not ready! You are too weak!
m - 114 - Scene Description:  At this final gesture the candles around Jeong Jeong violently flame up to illuminate the entire hut before quickly going out. A vision in front of Jeong Jeong begins, as one candle is seen lit in front of the firebender. A tree is in the background behind the Deserter. In front of him, stands Avatar Roku.
s - 118 - Roku:  I have mastered the elements a thousand times in a thousand lifetimes. Now, I must do it once again. You will teach the Avatar [He raises his hand and ignites the tree behind Jeong Jeong.] firebending.
s - 133 - Scene Description:  Aang assumes the proper stance.
s - 141 - Jeong Jeong:  [Faces the opposite direction of Aang.] Wider.
s - 164 - Scene Description:  Aang starts playing with it by tossing it back and forth from in front to behind himself. He makes a blast go in the opposite direction.
s - 166 - Scene Description:  Sokka tackles Aang.
m - 177 - Scene Description:  Jeong Jeong faces the boats that land harmlessly around him. The screen shows Zhao looking ahead through a telescope from the main deck of his ship. He lowers it and smiles. The screen goes back to Jeong Jeong produces a large wall of fire in front of the ships. An overhead shot of the ships is shown; the boats turn to land on the beach. The screen goes back to the front of the beach. Zhao comes into view.
