m - 37 - Scene Description:  Aang begins flying closer to the temple, under a bridge. Cut to a scene of Aang jumping off his glider and allowing it to fly forward on its own. He begins running along a wall, switching to an air scooter halfway, before jumping off onto his glider again.
m - 57 - Scene Description:  Katara puts her hand on his shoulder. He walks over to a fountain with an air bison statue on it. He looks at his reflection in the dirty green water, Aang looks at it squeamishly. The sky bison statue suddenly has black smoke coming out of it's mouth.
s - 66 - Aang:  [Points at the mechanist.] This whole place stinks! [Using his airbending, Aang flips the crane contraption off of the edge of the building.]
s - 107 - Scene Description:  Cut to a exterior of temple with people flying in the sky. Aang, Katara and Teo are on the ground.
s - 187 - Scene Description:  Cut to shot of people readying their flying machines for take off. They begin the assault as their gliders fly off into the air. Cheers from the crowd below. Cut to Fire Nation troops climbing the cliff path. They are attacked by the various bombs thrown at them. Cut back to Aang and the other flyers going down through the clouds. The gliders fly over the Fire Nation troops dropping bombs below. Cut to Fire Nation troops on the cliff edge.
m - 189 - Scene Description:  Cut to more gliders dropping bombs. Fire Nation soldiers cough and some fall off the cliff. Cut to Aang jumping onto an air scooter, moving across a ledge, causing snow to fall onto soldiers below before jumping back onto his glider. Cut to the soldiers retreating.
m - 199 - Scene Description:  The war balloon appears behind Katara. Cut to wide-view of temple balcony with war balloon in background. Cut to view of soldiers and tanks advancing forward with war balloon above. Cut to view of Sokka and the mechanist on the war balloon.
m - 203 - Mechanist:  [Cut to view of both balloon and advancing army.] Bombs away!
m - 203 - Scene Description:  Cut to ground view of soldiers being washed away by slime. Cut to above war balloon showing Sokka cut another rope. Cut back to view of soldiers and balloon showing the bombs stopping some of soldiers and tanks. Cut to shot under balloon showing Sokka and the mechanist looking down.
s - 205 - Scene Description:  Cut to close-up of Sokka with the expression of having an idea. Cut to tanks scaling cliff side. Cut to Earth Kingdom civilians trying to knock the hooks away. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist on the balloon. Sokka is levering the engine away from the bottom of the balloon in an attempt to get it free.
m - 205 - Katara:  [Cut to Aang and Katara on balcony.] No, Sokka! Hold on! [Aang jumps on his glider and flies toward them.]
s - 207 - Sokka:  [Cut to close-up of Sokka swinging his boomerang around with a rope attached, the mechanist behind him.] Get ready!
m - 215 - Scene Description:  Cut to view of war balloon falling.
s - 215 - Sokka:  [Cut to Aang, Sokka and Katara.] Aang you were right about air power. As long as we've got the skies, we'll have the Fire Nation on the run. [Cut to wide-view of temple grounds, crowd cheering.]
m - 219 - Scene Description:  Scene fades to credits.
