m - 20 - Zhao:  [Smirks.] It's commander now. And [Bows slightly in Iroh's direction.] General Iroh. Great hero of our nation.
m - 34 - Scene Description:  Sokka starts to go through the luggage and gets out a bag. He looks at it for a moment while it sways in the wind. With his tongue out of his mouth full anticipation, he sticks his hand in the bag and starts to go through it. He looks surprised for a moment, but quickly and with anticipation turns the bag upside down to pour the contents into his hand. Close-up of his gloved hand as only a few crumbs of blubbered seal jerky fall into it.
s - 66 - Scene Description:  The scene fades to a shot of the Southern Air Temple, as the camera slowly moves closer toward it. Cut to Appa, who has landed at the base of snow covered stairs. The camera quickly pans up to reveal three small figures making their way up the mountain trail. The lead figure is running. Close-up of Aang as he runs at the front, excitedly looking back at the two siblings. As the two emerge from behind a corner, Aang runs off the screen.
m - 83 - Aang:  [Aang runs to them from the airball court, still playing with the hollow ball. Cheerfully.] Okay!
m - 95 - Scene Description:  Katara walks passed her brother. Camera view switches to a side-view. Sokka pulls up beside Katara as she is talking.
s - 96 - Aang:  [Facing the statue again.] Monk Gyatso! The greatest airbender in the world. [Scene switches to a frontal view of the statue as Aang turns around again toward the siblings while gesturing at the statue.] He taught me everything I know.
s - 123 - Aang:  [Camera changes to show the trio looking up at the door. Hopeful.] It's not impossible. [Opening his arms.] I survived in the iceberg for that long.
s - 130 - Scene Description:  Overview shot as Sokka and Katara walks behind Aang. Cut to a shot from close to the ground, as they enter further into the sanctuary and disappear in the darkness.
The scene fades to Zuko, who is sitting in a chair in Zhao's tent, flanked by two Fire Nation soldiers while Zhao is pacing back and forth.
s - 132 - Aang:  [Cut to a front view of Aang, as he brings his hand besides his mouth.] Hello? [Switch back to a shot from behind Sokka and Katara as Aang enters the sanctuary.] Anyone home?
s - 137 - Aang:  [Pensive.] I'm not sure. [Frontal view of Aang.] But it feels like I know them somehow. Look! [Camera shifts to a point behind Aang and Katara. Aang points at the statue of a man with airbending mastery tattoos in front of him.] That one's an airbender.
m - 153 - Scene Description:  Cut to a wider view from over the shoulder of the statue. Aang is smiling at it while Katara looks worried at Aang.
m - 158 - Scene Description:  Katara looks scared in front of her again. Overview shot of the huddled trio as the shadow creeps closer. Close-up of Sokka, who raises his club.
m - 166 - Sokka:  [Quickly pans to a drooling Sokka.] Dinner!
s - 195 - Iroh:  [Camera pans slowly to the right to a full close-up of Zuko. Worried.] Prince Zuko, have you forgotten what happened last time you dueled a master?
m - 196 - Scene Description:  Zhao walks away. Front view of Zuko, with Iroh in the background.
s - 197 - Scene Description:  Aang walks up to another curtain of drapes. Cut to a frontal view from the other side of the curtain as Aang parts them. He looks in the room, but suddenly takes a sharp breath in shock. Switch to several skeletons dressed in Fire Nation uniforms lying scattered over the floor. The camera slowly pans up to a skeleton lying in the snow, surrounded by many more skeletons of Fire Nation soldiers.
