s - 14 - Zuko:  [The Senlin Village leader gasps.] Having trouble sleeping? [Pushes the man back through the door, knocking him down. Frontal shot as he approaches him.] Seen the Avatar lately?
s - 25 - Scene Description:  A Fire Nation catapult is raised to the deck of Zuko's ship. It is loaded with a steaming projectile.
s - 26 - Zuko:  [Lights the stinking ball with a fire punch.] On my mark! Fire!
s - 28 - Scene Description:  A guard beside him slices the rope holding back the catapult. The flaming projectile races toward Appa.
s - 34 - Scene Description:  Birds-eye view of a two-row line of Fire Nation ships stretching across the ocean as far as the eye can see. Brief glimpse of numerous Fire Nation catapults prepared to fire.
s - 46 - Scene Description:  The sky becomes littered with flaming fireballs fired from the blockade. View from Zuko's ship as the fireballs fill the sky. Close-up of a screaming Aang, Sokka, and Katara. Zoom out as Appa evades numerous fireballs, some exploding mid-air. Camera switch to forward view, close-up, as they fly through a blanket of fireballs. The team flies directly through one that exploded before them, Appa's fur darkened from the explosion. Katara, Sokka, and Momo all slap out embers on Appa's fur.
m - 62 - Sokka:  [Katara and Sokka each grimacing in terror.] We got into the Fire Nation. [Meekly.] Great.
s - 63 - Scene Description:  A single catapult launches a fire blast directly toward Appa. Close-up of Aang's eye as it snaps open, unafraid. Aang airbends forward off of Appa's head. He uses a powerful airbending kick, and the flaming boulder explodes in a large smoky blast. Aang falls back to Appa's head, Katara and Sokka grabbing him. Appa soars safely over the blockade, passing them.
m - 93 - Sokka:  Firebenders aren't our friends! [Aang steps ahead of his friends, assuming an airbending posture.]
m - 131 - Shyu:  No. Only a fully realized Avatar is powerful enough to open this door alone. Otherwise, the sages must open this door together, [Sokka shown in deep thought.] with five simultaneous fire blasts.
m - 137 - Katara:  [Hides behind a column with her brother. Holds Momo. Glances to the next column where Aang hides.] It's almost sunset. Are you ready?
m - 152 - Shyu:  [Time skip. Fire Sages run toward Shyu in front of the door.] Come quickly! The Avatar has entered the sanctuary!
m - 154 - Zuko:  [Steps out from behind column. Grips Aang from behind, pinning Aang's arms behind him.] The Avatar's coming with me! [The captured sages use their captors' surprise to reclaim the upper hand, pinning their captors down. Momo flies off with the Great Fire Sage's hat.] Close the doors! Quickly!
s - 165 - Scene Description:  Roku's statue turns red as sunlight engulfs it. Its eyes glow white. View of Aang as smoke fills the room. When the white smoke dissipates Avatar Roku is standing before him, they are on a mountaintop and only clouds are visible below.
m - 184 - Roku:  Mastering the elements takes years of discipline and practice. But if the world is to survive, you must do it by summer's end. [Close-up of a shocked Aang.]
m - 190 - Roku:  I am a part of you. When you need to talk to me again, you will find a way. [Closes his eyes, providing Aang a vision of Fire Navy ships surrounding the island. Speaks to his mind without words.] A great danger awaits you at the temple. [Provides a vision of the awaiting firebenders on the other side of the door.] I can help you face the threat. But only if you are ready.
