s - 3 - Katara:  [Cuts to shot of entire group standing on the cliffside overlooking the city.] This is horrible, [Approaches Aang; cuts to side-view of the two standing next to each other.] but we have to move on.
m - 7 - Sokka:  [Unsurely.] A-around.
m - 20 - Aang:  [Quickly tackles Sokka into a wall in order to slience him; in a somewhat cheerful tone.] Shh! Stop making so much noise. It's just a purple pentapus.
s - 115 - Scene Description:  The governor's family is shown from behind. As his wife hugs her husband, the little baby beside her, Mai's brother Tom-Tom toddles away from the group.
Switch to Aang running through the streets of the city. He nimbly climbs a house and balances on the railing, before landing on a flat rooftop. He spots a giant, white creature below, sadly pushing forth a turnstile. Aang jumps down to discover that the creature is Flopsie, King Bumi's pet goat gorilla.
m - 156 - Scene Description:  Zoom to a satisfied looking Azula.
m - 157 - Sokka:  No! Bad Fire Nation baby!
s - 173 - Aang:  It's from the Fire Nation governor. He thinks we kidnapped his son. [Switch to another view. Aang is shown standing at the other side of the campfire, reading the message.] So ... he wants to make a trade. His son [Zoom to Aang's surprised face while he continues dramatically, his eyes widening.] for King Bumi.
s - 206 - Scene Description:  Aang circles up toward Bumi's coffin. Cut back to Azula who smiles smugly.
m - 208 - Azula:  [Surprised.] The Avatar!
s - 212 - Scene Description:  She runs over to a pulley and blast through the rope that serves as a break. The winch begins to spin rapidly. Azula grabs hold to the rope and is pulled up rapidly toward the top of the construction scaffolding.
Aang lands on the top of Bumi's metal cage.
s - 212 - King Bumi:  Now hold on just a [The swing of Aang's staff breaks the frozen chain and they freefall down.] duahhh!!!
m - 216 - Mai:  [Taunting.] How are you gonna fight without your bending?
s - 217 - Scene Description:  Aang turns over Bumi's coffin, so he would crash to the ground head first. As they are about to crash upon one of Omashu's chutes, Aang creates an air ball under them to break their fall. They rapidly slide down the chute they landed in.
Cut to Azula who was following the spectacle from atop the scaffolding. She frowns and sprints to a nearby chute, pursuing the Avatar and the King down the chute in a box of her own.
Switch to a laughing Aang standing on Bumi's coffin.
m - 229 - King Bumi:  [Calmly.] Listen to me, Aang. There are options in fighting, called jing. It's a choice of how you direct your energy.
m - 239 - King Bumi:  [Happily smiling.] ... and neutral jing when you do nothing!
s - 252 - Scene Description:  King Bumi lets his coffin tumble backward and begins his ascend of the chute. He laughs and snorts like a mad man while he uses his earthbending to drive him back to the top of the chute, leaving Aang and Momo behind.
Cut to the royal palanquin being carried out the city, flanked by Mai and Ty Lee.
