m - 4 - Aang:  [Looks down sorrowfully.] I can't. [Cut to side-view of him, the camera panning slightly to the left.] When Azula shot me with lightning, [Close his eyes briefly.] my seventh chakra was locked, cutting off my connection to all the cosmic energy in the universe. [Cut back to shot of him and Toph.]
m - 6 - Sokka:  [Stands up.] No. [Cut to close-up of the fog, five Water Tribe ships suddenly appearing from amid the mist.] That is the invasion!
m - 11 - Scene Description:  Cut to frontal shot of Tho and Due as they descend the wooden ramp from the ship.
m - 49 - Scene Description:  The scene cuts to show a very nervous Sokka standing on a podium with his father and Team Avatar
m - 66 - Scene Description:  Camera cuts to show the fleet of ships traveling across the sea. Cut to a view through a Bato's telescope.
s - 68 - Scene Description:  Cut to show Katara, Due, and other swamp benders waterbending a thick fog cover.
m - 70 - Scene Description:  Camera shows several Fire Nation soldiers climbing onto the boats. They are shown to search the boats thoroughly, but find no one.
s - 76 - Scene Description:  Several submarines are shown traveling beneath the gates. Inside, waterbenders are moving the subs. Cut inside a sub as the mechanist is sitting at the front. Hakoda, Sokka, Pipsqueak, and Bato are standing behind him.
s - 86 - Scene Description:  Ming nods, indicating that she understands. She gets up and walks out. The scene cuts to show the fleet of submarines surfaced on the water. The Duke is dipping his helmet into the water, trying to wash out Toph's vomit. Everyone is stretching as Aang lands on the submarine from Appa.
s - 107 - Katara:  What? Right, I'm on it. [Jumps onto Appa and waterbends a sphere of water around his head before submerging.]
s - 108 - Scene Description:  Huu launches the torpedo with waterbending. Cut outside as six torpedoes make holes in the underwater barrier, making it possible for the subs to pass through.
s - 109 - Huu:  Communin' with nature. Takes a while to collect this much seaweed. [Closes the seaweed again as he sees a large fireball coming straight toward him.]
s - 115 - Tho:  We're a man down. Where in tarnation is Huu? [He and Due continue waterbending, launching a tank into the water.]
m - 117 - Scene Description:  The camera cuts again to show Zuko kneeling at a painting of his mother.
s - 124 - Scene Description:  Hakoda grunts as he turns and deflects a fireball with his shield. He turns back to disarm a soldier and quickly defeats others before jumping on the rhino to join Sokka. The vehicle full of rocks for earthbenders is destroyed. Huu, inside the seaweed, is shown destroying more tanks. An earthbender tank is destroyed by a battlement above. Cut to Hakoda and Sokka who saw this happen.
m - 137 - Scene Description:  Appa flies away as the scene cuts to show the battlefield, a mess of Fire Nation tanks destroyed everywhere. Several raised battlements fire on the army below. Appa lands and takes out an enemy tank as Sokka makes his way to the back of the saddle to rally the soldiers.
