m - 5 - Sokka:  [Shocked.] What? [Cuts to shot of Aang riding in on his glider, dodging several fireballs. He lands in front of the group.] Please tell me you're here because the Fire Lord turned out to be a big wimp and you didn't even need the eclipse to take him down.
s - 6 - Sokka:  [With epiphany; the camera shifts from a side-view of his face to a frontal view.] They knew.
m - 29 - Toph:  [Camera view changes to show the group walking past magma channels.] Perish in burning hot magma.
m - 56 - Scene Description:  The approach a set of large doors. The camera focuses on a determined Aang.
s - 62 - Scene Description:  The warriors stop, prop their weapons into the ground and put on their eclipse glasses. Katara and Hakoda, wearing eclipse glasses, turn to watch the eclipse. The camera zooms out, the eclipse having officially begun. The scene changes to where Zuko is confronting Ozai.
s - 63 - Scene Description:  The scene switches to outside, showing the moon nearly blocking out the entire sun. Cut to aerial view of the inside of the volcano. Cut to the army marching onward as the eclipse is beginning. The mechanist appears near the troops and addresses the troops.
m - 68 - Ozai:  [Off-camera.] Telling the truth during the middle of an eclipse. [Cuts to shot of him.] This should be interesting.
m - 89 - Fire Nation soldier:  We'll never surrender! [Makes frenzied motions and tries to firebend, but cannot.] Okay, we surrender. [Fire Nation soldiers back down.]
s - 122 - Scene Description:  Zuko abruptly stops and turns to face his father. Ozai smiles. The camera cuts to a shot of outside where the solar eclipse continues. Cut back to Zuko confronting Ozai.
m - 150 - Mechanist:  [Off-camera.] My own invention. [Cuts to shot of him.] Oh, this is terrible!
s - 157 - Scene Description:  Bato looks up and suddenly becomes alarmed. The camera zooms out to Katara, who looks behind her in the same direction. Cuts to the top of the Royal Palace, where several war balloons rise into the air. Cuts to view of the entire palace, the battlefield where dozens of soldiers stand and where the war balloons continue to rise. Cuts to close-up of the balloons, Fire Nation soldiers fueling them with firebending.
s - 157 - Scene Description:  Teo lays a hand on his father's shoulder to comfort him. Cuts to front shot of a war balloon, a much larger contraption rising behind it. Cuts to shot of the entire battlefield, showing the balloons and five airships rising into the air. Katara turns and points to the sky.
m - 160 - Scene Description:  Cuts to shot of the capital as they fly away. The scene changes to the capital city prison; camera pans downward to the ground where Zuko is seen running toward the building. Inside, he runs down a hallway past a guard, who crouches in fear as he passes. He arrives at the entrance to his uncle's prison cell.
m - 160 - Scene Description:  Zuko lets go of Poon and leaves. At the invasion, the team is navigating their way down the sides of the volcano. Cuts to view of the underside of an airship; a hatch at the bottom opens.
m - 168 - Hakoda:  Yes, with the Avatar we could still win. On another day. You kids have to leave. You have to escape on Appa together.
m - 183 - Mechanist:  [Rising on an earth column along with Toph and helps son mount Appa.] Bye, son. [Hugs Teo.]
