s - 6 - Scene Description:  Cut to Aang, as he inhales nervously and tries to firebend. Cut to a close-up of his palm, as a small cloud of smoke appears, and is dissipated. Camera pans left to Aang.
m - 30 - Scene Description:  Cut to Sokka, Haru, The Duke, and Teo looking at him, as the former Freedom Fighter sits up. Camera pans left, as Katara laughs, and everyone's attention is focused on her. Zuko looks at the waterbender with an annoyed expression.
m - 33 - Toph:  [Screen pans left to Toph.] Ouch. [She smiles sarcastically.]
s - 46 - Scene Description:  Scene changes to a cave in a flashback as a younger Toph wearing a gown is kneeling down, and crying, as screen zooms out.
s - 61 - Scene Description:  Scene changes to Aang and Zuko flying on Appa over an ocean. Cut to a bored Zuko.
m - 63 - Sokka:  So, what? [Aang and Zuko look back at him and the shot cuts to Sokka seated.] Maybe you'll pick up some super old Sun Warrior energy just by standing [Moves his hand in a strange motion.] where they stood a thousand years ago?
s - 82 - Aang:  [Cut to a part of the carving from below as screen pans right to show more of it.] I thought the dragons were friends with the Sun Warriors.
s - 94 - Scene Description:  Cut to the side of the gate as the light being reflected by Zuko's sword moves to the other sunstone on top of the gates. Screen pans below to show Aang looking at it.
m - 97 - Scene Description:  Zuko smiles at Aang's compliment, before realizing what Aang actually said. Aang walks inside the dark room and looks around it. He narrows his eyes, as the shot cuts to show a statue of a man with an angry expression. Cut back to Aang, who gasps.
m - 140 - Ham Ghao:  Yeah, right. They are obviously thieves, [Cut to the chief and Ham Ghao from the side to show that he is holding the sunstone.] here to steal Sun Warrior treasures.
s - 143 - Scene Description:  The chief walks back, and Aang and Zuko look at each other. Scene changes to a building on the next day. Screen zooms to the top of the building.
m - 148 - Aang:  [Cut to an unsure Aang as he places his palm on his neck.] Umm, Mister Sun Chief Sir<U+200C>, yeah, I'm not a firebender yet. [Pointing to Zuko.] Couldn't my friend here carry my fire for me?
s - 180 - Zuko:  [Cut to an aerial shot of the bridge.] Get some from those warriors. [Cut to the chief and the two Warriors beside him.] Hurry! [Cuts to shot of the Sun Warriors below; off-screen.] Stop cheating off me!
m - 185 - Scene Description:  Cut to the bridge where the dragons are still flying around the bridge. Cut to Aang, who looks at them flying.
m - 214 - Scene Description:  Zuko delivers two fire blasts more powerful than in the Western Air Temple. Aang also bends a similar blast. Cut to Aang's face, as he grins at his success. Cut to both of them, who walk toward each other, smiling.
s - 219 - Scene Description:  Scene changes to the upside-down pagodas in the Western Air Temple.
