m - 0 - Scene Description:  The episode opens to morning at the Boiling Rock, where an overhead shot of the volcano is seen. Cut to view from some point in the boiling water, where the stronghold lies ahead. Cut to view of the warden walking forward, toward the camera.
m - 1 - Scene Description:  Cut to an overhead shot of the perimeter on which they are standing, the warden's back facing the camera. Eight prisoners are seen filing in line, one next to the other, including Hakoda. Cut to the end of the line of prisoners where the last of them line up, the camera zooming out to show Hakoda, who stands at the very end of the line on the right side. Cut to Sokka, who walks forward and lifts his guard mask.
m - 3 - Scene Description:  Cut to overhead shot of the perimeter, the prisoners lined up toward the right and the guards to the left of the screen. Sokka is seen inching his way behind several guards, taller than him. The warden approaches the new prisoners.
s - 22 - Warden:  [Cuts to close-up of his face; casually.] Chit Sang, I only asked if you were comfortable.
s - 40 - Hakoda:  [Smiles and pats a hand on Sokka's back.] Sokka, there's no prison in the world that can hold two Water Tribe geniuses.
s - 43 - Scene Description:  Hakoda laughs. Sokka chuckles nervously. Cut to a ground level shot of inside the prison hold. Sokka approaches a cell door and averts his gaze alertly. He lifts his helmet mask and peers into the slit of a cell doorway.
m - 49 - Scene Description:  Sokka turns around, pulling down his helmet mask. The camera shifts to reveal two guards standing on the stairwell behind him. Cut to shot from in between the two guards.
m - 55 - Scene Description:  Cut to shot of a bundled-up mattress being held up, several blows being landed to it. Cut to shot of the cell where Sokka is seen punching the mattress which Zuko holds up, the two faking the entire scenario. Zuko shouts a few times in mock pain.
m - 58 - Sokka:  [In a hushed voice while still punching the mattress.] We have a new plan, but it's gonna need a big distraction. [Cuts to shot of Zuko who peers from behind the blanket; off camera.] Be in the yard in one hour.
s - 62 - Scene Description:  Cut to right-side up shot of the two guards holding Chit Sang upside-down in the chair. Chit Sang's face is red and strained.
s - 72 - Scene Description:  They toss chair the chair forward toward the warden back to a normal position. Chit Sang inhales deeply a few times, his face slowly returning to normal color, sweat dripping down his face.
m - 98 - Scene Description:  Scene moves to the yard with a line-up of guards, the warden, and Chit Sang present.
s - 116 - Warden:  [Cut closer to Azula.] Princess Azula. [Azula and Ty Lee walk in.] Ah ... It is an honor to welcome you to the Fire Nation's most exemplary prison. [Stands up.] I didn't realize you were coming.
s - 129 - Azula:  [Smiles sinisterly; quietly.] Because I'm a people person. [Exits.]
m - 141 - Tough prisoner:  Forget about controlling my anger ... [Raises his arms.] let's riot! [He is taken down by another prisoner. The riot is in full swing. Cut the floor of the yard as chaos and dust ensues everywhere. Cut to a prisoner sitting on another prisoner's shoulders, attempting to choke him. Cut to the bottom of a tower as various guards look down at the scene.]
s - 214 - Scene Description:  Azula angles her fingers to create lightning, and Mai readies one of her stilettos, her eyes narrowed. Before Azula can complete her attack, however, she is struck twice by Ty Lee, who chi blocks her. Cuts to Mai, blade still in hand and looking very surprised, and to Azula, who dumbfoundedly falls to the ground, paralyzed. Ty Lee seems surprised at her own actions.
