s - 16 - Scene Description:  Aang quickly covers himself with a white Air Nomad shield pulled out of thin air. The camera zooms out to a larger shot of Aang shaking with embarrassment. Suddenly, giant eyes begin to appear all around him. The eye's close and disappear. Cut to shot of the giant Fire Lord laughing, as Aang slowly backs out the door. The Fire Lord raises his arms to the ceiling, while surrounded by flames, laughing heartily. Aang wakes up and starts touching his pants. Momo is seen awake as well.
s - 41 - Toph:  [With chibi face in a speech bubble that appears above her; angrily.] Go to sleep already! [Clenches her teeth.]
m - 41 - Aang:  [Frontal shot as he points outward.] Your days of tyranny are over, Fire Lord. [Scowls.] I'm bringing you down! [Looks down momentarily; confidently.] And this time, I brought pants.
s - 42 - Scene Description:  Camera shows a view of some chains wrapping around Aang's clothing, including his pants. The shot turns to Ozai.
s - 44 - Scene Description:  A giant abacus lands behind Aang. Camera turns to show Aang's worried face.
s - 72 - Aang:  In one of my dreams, you were running from Fire Nation soldiers, trying to climb this cliff, [Camera turns to show an annoyed look on Sokka's face.] but you were too slow and they got you!
m - 75 - Sokka:  Stupid Avatar! Stupid cliff! Stupid dream! I can climb fast!
m - 77 - Scene Description:  Camera turns to show the size of the cliff. When it sets back on Sokka, he looks at Aang, pointing to the cliff. Aang nods fast, and Sokka reluctantly begins to climb it.
m - 79 - Scene Description:  Sokka is seen behind Aang falling off the cliff after hearing Aang. Toph spits out the water onto Katara, who waterbends it off her.
m - 87 - Katara:  These yoga stretches can really work wonders if you do them in extreme heat. Reach up. [Katara puts her hands above her head together, Aang follows along.] Reach for the sun. [They wave their hands and upper bodies side to side.] Feel your chi paths clearing. [Both bend over so their heads touch the ground, grabbing their legs.] Now close your eyes. How are you feeling?
m - 88 - Scene Description:  Sokka is still climbing the cliff, and almost reaches the top, but is seen sliding down. Cut to the sun in the sky. Cut to Aang's face, his eye twitching, as he paces around, stressed. Cut to his hands rotating between putting his thumb and finger together before alternating to the opposites on the other hand.
s - 91 - Scene Description:  Scene changes to Aang and Katara in a mountain doing some yoga. Steaming water in the middle of the room.
m - 101 - Scene Description:  Scene changes to Sokka, in his Wang Fire outfit, and Aang lying on a koala sheep.
m - 134 - Sokka:  Looks like it's time for another ... [He turns around and puts his Wang Fire disguise on and voice.] therapy session.
s - 162 - Scene Description:  Aang jumps up and shoots more air blasts, but they all miss. Aang lands on his feet and looks at the picture. Only a leaf falls. Aang runs up in front of the picture.
